README.md, before:

# BBN (Bot-Be-Named)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

- [BBN (Bot-Be-Named)](#bbn-bot-be-named)
  - [What is Bot-Be-Named](#what-is-bot-be-named)
  - [How to install](#how-to-install)
  - [Current Modules](#current-modules)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
  - [Contributing/Issues](#contributingissues)

## What is Bot-Be-Named

A Discord bot that interoperates with Google Sheets to smoothen solving puzzle hunts. 
If you would like to add Bot-Be-Named to your server, please contact `@talesfromtim` on discord. 

Bot-Be-Named is currently set up with our own configurations and environment variables, so might have assumptions that don't work for you. Please contact us if you need **a Bot invite link**, or to set up your own fork/instance of the bot.

## Inviting the Bot to your server

- Join the bot's discord server at `discord (dot) gg / x8f2ywHUky`

- There is an instance of the bot currently on that server, named `~Bot Be Named`. Click on that name - Add App - Add it to your discord server.  Note that you need "Manage Server" permission to do that.

- Use `~about` to get a quick guide to the bot, and `~startup` for all the commands that will come in very handy for you.

- In case of any problems, message us on discord or [open a new issue on Github](https://github.com/kevslinger/bot-be-named/issues/new)

## How to install your own instance

### Prerequisites - 

- [python3.10 or newer](https://realpython.com/installing-python/)

- [Git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)

- [Postgresql for storing data](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)

- [Heroku CLI client for hosting](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/how-to-install-heroku-cli-in-windows-pc-e3cf9750b4ae)

- [Pip package installer for Python](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/install-pip-windows)

Note that you may use another Python installer (instead of Pip), Host (instead of Heroku) or Database (instead of Postgresql) but that will require you figuring out the required setup and configuation changes yourself.

While only the above are necessary to run the code on Heroku, some OSes might require additional installations to also run locally. For example, on Ubuntu, you need - 
```bash
sudo apt-get install postgresql-client-common postgresql-client
```

### Installation

We recommend using [virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) to manage python packages for our repo. To clone the repo and install dependencies, run the following on the Command Line

```bash
#Clone the bot locally
git clone https://github.com/kevslinger/bot-be-named.git
cd bot-be-named
#Technically optional, but using virtualenv is usually a good idea
virtualenv venv -p=3.10 
#This installs all the python dependancies the bot needs
pip install -r requirements.txt && pre-commit install
```

The bot uses [Heroku Postgres](https://www.heroku.com/postgres) for storing data.

To run the bot locally, you will need a `.env` file which is used by [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv) to load `ENV` variables. Copy `.env.template` into `.env` with  

```bash
cp .env.template .env
```

and fill in the blanks in order to get the bot running. You also need to set up the Postgresql database for the bot using Heroku's PostgresSQL add-on (To be finished). First [install the add-on](https://elements.heroku.com/addons/heroku-postgresql) then [set it up](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgresql) to attach your app to the Postgres. Now you can look at `Heroku - Dashboard - Resources - Add Ons` to look at the app on Heroku, and copy the URI given from Postgres add-on to the respective line in the `.env file`

Once you do all that, run


```bash
source venv/bin/activate
python bot.py
```

and the bot will run on the supplied discord token's account.

### Hosting

Once you have the bot running and basic commands (like `~help`) run properly, you can host it externally. Our instance of the bot is [hosted on Heroku](https://medium.com/@linda0511ny/create-host-a-discord-bot-with-heroku-in-5-min-5cb0830d0ff2)


### Other useful things

If you have github + heroku, using Heroku's [Github integration](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/github-integration) allows you to automatically push Github pushes to also deploy on Heroku. (Using `git push` to push to both Github and Heroku)

When deploying on heroku, any variables stored in .env locally cannot be pushed to any public repos. It's advisable to use [Heroku Config Vars](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) to store them.

## Current Modules

- [Admin](./modules/admin) for administrator commands
- [Archive](./modules/archive) for downloading channel/category/server contents into a Zip file
- [Channel Management](./modules/channel_management) for cloning, creating, and moving channels 
- [Custom Command](./modules/custom_command) for making custom commands in different servers
- [Discord](modules/discord) for discord utility commands (e.g. roles, stats)
- [Error Logging](./modules/error_logging) for printing error logs
- [Help](./modules/help) is an updated help command which automatically pulls docstrings for `~help`
- [Lion](./modules/lion) is the "Google Sheets-Discord" commands currently used in every Puzzle Hunt. 
- [Lookup](./modules/lookup) for Searching the internet via google and wikipedia
- [Misc](./modules/misc) for misc. random (fun) commands
- [Role Management](./modules/role_management) for managing roles and similar
- [Sheets](./modules/sheets) for working with Google Sheets during puzzlehunts
- [Time](./modules/time) for finding the time anywhere in the world

## Acknowledgements

This bot took heavy inspiration and code from [Jonah Lawrence](https://github.com/DenverCoder1) and his [Professor Vector](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/professor-vector-discord-bot)
repo, specifically on the [Channel Management](./modules/channel_management), [Error Logging](./modules/error_logging), [Help](./modules/help), and [Solved](./modules/solved) modules. 

A majority of this bot was written by [Kevslinger](https://github.com/kevslinger) and [TheOriginalSoni](https://github.com/TheOriginalSoni) with significant contributions from [Pete Cao](https://github.com/petecao) for the Lion module.

## Contributing/Issues

If you find any issues, bugs, or improvements, please feel free to open an issue and/or pull request! Thank you!

Feel free to join our discord at `discord (dot) gg / x8f2ywHUky` with any questions you may have!

Commit message:

Restructure modules, change files, add a bunch of documentation and help, add HYDRA MODULE base, update some Readmes.

README.md, after:

# BBN (Bot-Be-Named)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

- [BBN (Bot-Be-Named)](#bbn-bot-be-named)
  - [What is Bot-Be-Named](#what-is-bot-be-named)
  - [How to install](#how-to-install)
  - [Current Modules](#current-modules)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
  - [Contributing/Issues](#contributingissues)

## What is Bot-Be-Named

A Discord bot that interoperates with Google Sheets to smoothen solving puzzle hunts. 

If you would like to add our instance of Bot-Be-Named to your server, please see below.

Bot-Be-Named is currently set up with our own configurations and environment variables, so might have assumptions that don't work for you. Please contact us if you need **a Bot invite link**, or to set up your own fork/instance of the bot.

## Inviting the Bot to your server

- Join the bot's discord server at `discord (dot) gg / x8f2ywHUky`

- There is an instance of the bot currently on that server, named `~Bot Be Named`. Click on that name - Add App - Add it to your discord server.  Note that you need "Manage Server" permission to do that.

- Use `~about` to get a quick guide to the bot, and `~startup` for all the commands that will come in very handy for you.

- In case of any problems, message us on discord or [open a new issue on Github](https://github.com/kevslinger/bot-be-named/issues/new)

## How to install your own instance

### Prerequisites - 

- [python3.10 or newer](https://realpython.com/installing-python/)

- [Git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)

- [Postgresql for storing data](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)

- [Heroku CLI client for hosting](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/how-to-install-heroku-cli-in-windows-pc-e3cf9750b4ae)

- [Pip package installer for Python](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/install-pip-windows)

Note that you may use another Python installer (instead of Pip), Host (instead of Heroku) or Database (instead of Postgresql) but that will require you figuring out the required setup and configuation changes yourself.

While only the above are necessary to run the code on Heroku, some OSes might require additional installations to also run locally. For example, on Ubuntu, you need - 
```bash
sudo apt-get install postgresql-client-common postgresql-client
```

### Installation

We recommend using [virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) to manage python packages for our repo. To clone the repo and install dependencies, run the following on the Command Line

```bash
#Clone the bot locally
git clone https://github.com/kevslinger/bot-be-named.git
cd bot-be-named
#Technically optional, but using virtualenv is usually a good idea
virtualenv venv -p=3.10 
#This installs all the python dependancies the bot needs
pip install -r requirements.txt && pre-commit install
```

The bot uses [Heroku Postgres](https://www.heroku.com/postgres) for storing data.

To run the bot locally, you will need a `.env` file which is used by [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv) to load `ENV` variables. Copy `.env.template` into `.env` with  

```bash
cp .env.template .env
```

and fill in the blanks in order to get the bot running. You also need to set up the Postgresql database for the bot using Heroku's PostgresSQL add-on (To be finished). First [install the add-on](https://elements.heroku.com/addons/heroku-postgresql) then [set it up](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgresql) to attach your app to the Postgres. Now you can look at `Heroku - Dashboard - Resources - Add Ons` to look at the app on Heroku, and copy the URI given from Postgres add-on to the respective line in the `.env file`

Once you do all that, run


```bash
source venv/bin/activate
python bot.py
```

and the bot will run on the supplied discord token's account.

### Hosting

Once you have the bot running and basic commands (like `~help`) run properly, you can host it externally. Our instance of the bot is [hosted on Heroku](https://medium.com/@linda0511ny/create-host-a-discord-bot-with-heroku-in-5-min-5cb0830d0ff2)


### Other useful things

If you have github + heroku, using Heroku's [Github integration](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/github-integration) allows you to automatically push Github pushes to also deploy on Heroku. (Using `git push` to push to both Github and Heroku)

When deploying on heroku, any variables stored in .env locally cannot be pushed to any public repos. It's advisable to use [Heroku Config Vars](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) to store them.

## Current Modules

- [Admin](./modules/admin) for administrator commands
- [Archive](./modules/archive) for downloading channel/category/server contents into a Zip file
- [Custom Command](./modules/custom_command) for making custom commands in different servers
- [Discord](modules/discord) for discord utility commands (e.g. roles, stats)
- [Discord Channel Management](./modules/discord_channel_management) for cloning, creating, and moving channels 
- [Discord Role Management](./modules/discord_role_management) for managing roles and similar
- [Error Logging](./modules/error_logging) for printing error logs
- [Help](./modules/help) is an updated help command which automatically pulls docstrings for `~help`
- [Hydra](./modules/hydra) is the **NEW AND IMPROVED** "Google Sheets-Discord" commands. Currently Work in progress. 
- [Lion](./modules/lion) is the "Google Sheets-Discord" commands currently used in every Puzzle Hunt. 
- [Lookup](./modules/lookup) for Searching the internet via google and wikipedia
- [Misc](./modules/misc) for misc. random (fun) commands
- [Sheets](./modules/sheets) for working with Google Sheets during puzzlehunts
- [Time](./modules/time) for finding the time anywhere in the world

## Acknowledgements

The majority of this bot was written by [TheOriginalSoni](https://github.com/TheOriginalSoni) and [Kevslinger](https://github.com/kevslinger), with significant contributions from [Pete Cao](https://github.com/petecao) for the Lion module.

There are multiple repositories and code that BBN borrowed code from, most notably [Jonah Lawrence](https://github.com/DenverCoder1) and his [Professor Vector](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/professor-vector-discord-bot). Further info is included in respective modules.

## Contributing/Issues

If you find any issues, bugs, or improvements, please feel free to open an issue and/or pull request! Thank you!

Feel free to join our discord at `discord (dot) gg / x8f2ywHUky` with any questions you may have! If you are unable to join the discord, contact [TheOriginalSoni](https://github.com/TheOriginalSoni) (`@talesfromtim` on discord).
