modules/lookup/README.md, before:

# SEARCH Command

## Quick Google searches at your fingertips!

Want everyone to see the same search you're looking for? Consider the `~search` command!

`~search <target_site> <query>` Will check google and get the first hit with `target_site` in the URL
`~search google <query>` will return the top 10 hits from google instead.

Available shortcuts for `<target_site>`:

- `hp` is shortcut for `harrypotter.fandom`
- `dcode` is short for `dcode.fr`
- `wiki` is short for `wikipedia`

### Example Usage
- `~search google Olympics` will return the top 10 results for Olympics
- `~search hp Kevin Entwhistle` will return the hpwiki result for Kevin Entwhistle
- `~search wiki Potato` will return the wikipedia entry for potato
- `~search kaspersky cryptography` will return a kaspersky.com link for cryptography


## Issues

If you find any issues, bugs, or improvements, please feel free to open an issue and/or pull request! Thank you!

Feel free to find me on discord, `@kevslinger` with any questions you may have!

Commit message:

Add wiki and google to lookup, docs

modules/lookup/README.md, after:

# SEARCH Command

## Quick Google searches at your fingertips!

Want everyone to see the same search you're looking for? Consider the `~search` command!

`~search <target_site> <query>` Will check google and get the first hit with `target_site` in the URL
`~search google <query>` will return the top 10 hits from google instead.
`~wiki <query>` will use wikipedia as the target site
`~google <query>` will use google as the target site

Available shortcuts for `<target_site>`:

- `hp` is shortcut for `harrypotter.fandom`
- `dcode` is short for `dcode.fr`
- `wiki` is short for `wikipedia`

### Example Usage
- `~search google Olympics` will return the top 10 results for Olympics
- `~search hp Kevin Entwhistle` will return the hpwiki result for Kevin Entwhistle
- `~search wiki Potato` will return the wikipedia entry for potato
- `~search kaspersky cryptography` will return a kaspersky.com link for cryptography


## Issues

If you find any issues, bugs, or improvements, please feel free to open an issue and/or pull request! Thank you!

Feel free to find me on discord, `@kevslinger` with any questions you may have!
